1. CS 2400 Project 5 done by Kevin Kim, Sean Abi Saab, and Hemil Bhavsar.
2. Kevin Kim implemented "GraphDriver.java" that contained Java code necessary to create the graph that was given in the project prompt. He also implemented the algorithms that performed both breadth-first traversal and depth-first traversal on the given graph in "Graph.java" while using the adjacency matrix representation of a graph. Sean Abi Saab helped the group by implementing the algorithms that performed both breadth-first traversal and depth-first traversal on the given graph. He also helped create the test cases for this project. He also created the javadocs for this project and published the screencast video. Hemil Bhavsar created the test cases for this project.
3. For this project, we used Java interface and generic data types (10 E.C. points). Also, we have performed unit testing on our methods (10 E.C. points). Lastly, we have included our screencast video that briefly explains our program (10 E.C. points).
4. Here is the link to [the Javadoc's start page](https://codingtillwedie.github.io/Project-5/package-summary.html).
5. Here is the link to [our screencast video](https://youtu.be/HsTumAzNrsg) on YouTube.

// NOTE: We have used the adjacency matrix to represent the given graph. In order to run our program and create a graph that was given from the project prompt, please run the main method in "GraphDriver.java" after having every other source code (GraphInterface.java, Graph.java, QueueInterface.java, LinkedQueue.java, EmptyQueueException.java, StackInterface.java, and LinkedStack.java) in the same source code folder. By running this main method, our program will automatically perform a breadth-first search and a depth-first search traversals on the given graph.
